fix mislabel in i2c configuration (#940)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/board.md

Name | Type | Default Value | Description
-------------- | ---- | ------------- | ---------------
|`name`| string|--| Choose a name for the SPI bus. Note that a component that uses this bus must then have this same name configured in its attributes.

> |`bus_select`| string|--| A Raspberry Pi has two SPI buses: `0` and `1`. See data sheet for specifics on other boards.

Author: ```suggestion
|`bus_select`| string|--| A Raspberry Pi has two SPI buses: `0` and `1`. See your board's data sheet for specifics on its SPI wiring.
```
